a web exclusive I'm Laurie Bramblett
probably best known as an impressionist
and comedian totally and we do shows
like Bremerton fortune on channel 4 so
it's political satire and impressions
soft off the BBC did seven years there
and about 18 or 19 years on channel 4 if
there was a film of my life I have no
job culture probably probably pick Jong
Kook he can actually do me I've not seen
him his impression of me but I probably
give him quite a bit to work with from
the next few weeks but he can he can do
me I dunno I've never thought of a film
of my life yeah I just Jon Culshaw or
Brad Pitt the last album probably Adele
actually both of those albums she's
terrific
great great balance
Ian sure he's a jazz singer and a pal in
a teeny lovely I love patty there's much
of a talent but it's a - I speak French
and German to do that I love cooking I
cook it as different characters at home
sometimes I'm Keith Floyd but I do that
a lot of wine very nice form they whoops
careful about that once you place the
camera depends what I mean I probably
ought to be stuck in a lift with John
sergeant because I love his sense of
humor he's an easel so he's a very
intelligent very funny guy and he said a
very interesting life so he'd be one of
them
he'd be no shortage of stories he might
know how the little works
you're quite fun to be stuck in liquid
Brunner we're going up we're going but
we don't know